my face hit the Lights bad
cats and the chicks that crazy cuckoo
day is upon us and that day is dig it
when Athens was merely a dot on the map
on the noise of a new frontier
destiny called on a dapper young cat
with a battle that made his career he
was back he was tough he was armed to
the teeth that son fearlessly frying his
Mo's packing plenty of punch in his
Thunderbolt sheep
not a slore Eagles
I'm terrible Titan stepped on to the
scene trying to carve out a niche of his
own
it's brutal attack we have consent
everyone packet
she's had to face him alone smelled like
Limburger cheese he was covered with
fleas from his rattlesnake
these two it goes
he could topple olympus with one little
sneeze yeah that's how the story goes
now soos didn't worry he left us a
flourish that type unburied and crashed
and the so it was written that Titan was
smitten he'd finally Michener the dust
that beast had been blown by one god on
its own while striking this masterful
pose every legend was born on that
fateful morning that's how the story
goes
yes that's
go